README.md, before:

## Benchmarking Cross-Chain Bridges
This project aims to provide a systematic comparison between cross-chain bridge aggregators (message aggregators and token aggregators/DEXs).

## Project Structure

```
scripts
└── benchmark message protocol
        └── contracts.s.sol

src
├── contracts
├── helper
│   ├── inp_validator.ts
│   ├── provider.ts
│   ├── token-constants_global.ts
│   └── token-misc.ts
├── token aggregator
│   └── benchmark protocol
│       ├── config.ts
│       ├── constants_local.ts
│       └── route_builder.ts
└─ message aggregator
    └── benchmark protocol
        └── counter.sh

test
├── helper
│   └── provider.test.ts
├── token aggregator
│   └── benchmark protocol
│       └── route_builder.test.ts
└── message aggregator
    └── benchmark protocol
        └── counter.test.sh
```

## Running the project
The different testing modules of the project are implemented as scripts that can be ran via yarn or npm.

 ```shell
 yarn run test:all # runs tests for token and message aggregators
 ```

 ```shell
 yarn run test:helper # makes sure env variables are setup, networks are supported, transactions can be signed
 ```

 ```shell
 yarn run test:token-aggregators # generate the route.json files that contain the different trading routes and quotas
 ```
 ```shell
 yarn run test:message-aggregators # deploys contracts and issues transactions for interacting with the counter contracts
 ```



## Run Transactions

```shell
yarn run:hyperlane # creates a hyperlane transaction on the goerli network
```
### Clear Run Logs

```shell
yarn clear:dry-run # clears foundry run logs
```

## Troubleshooting
This project was successfully tested on the following with node version v18.17.1

| System         | Node     |
| -------------- | -------- |
| 6.4.12-arch1-1 | v18.17.1 |
| MacOS M1 v13.4 | v18.17.1 |


| Runtime / Package Manager | NPM | Yarn | Bun |
| ------------------------- | --- | ---- | --- |
| NPM                       | ☑   | ☑    | ☑   |
| Yarn                      | ☑   | ☑    | ☑   |
| Bun                       | ☒*  | ☒*   | ☒*  |
*-error with uniswap sdk
1. JSBI when runtime and package manager
2. Buffer/Stream when packages installed with npm or yarn and run with bun

Make sure you have permission to run the ``.sh`` scripts. You may run ``chmod -R 777 .`` .

Sometimes running

Known issues and fixes:

1. Something about fetch missing <br>
Solution: Use node v18.17.1 (there were some changes with the default packages included in node, version gte the one we used seems to work)
2. JSBI or Buffer/Stream <br>
Solution: use npm or yarn

## Contributors

| Name                | Github                            |
| ------------------- | --------------------------------- |
| Shankar Subramanian | https://github.com/shankars99     |
| Rafael Belchior     | https://github.com/RafaelAPB      |
| André Augusto       | https://github.com/AndreAugusto11 |
## Acknowledgments
This project is sponsored by Hyperledger and Blockdaemon.

Commit message:

feat: scripts for setup and test

README.md, after:

## Benchmarking Cross-Chain Bridges
This project aims to provide a systematic comparison between cross-chain bridge aggregators (message aggregators and token aggregators/DEXs).

## Project Structure

```
scripts
└── benchmark message protocol
        └── contracts.s.sol

src
├── contracts
├── helper
│   ├── inp_validator.ts
│   ├── provider.ts
│   ├── token-constants_global.ts
│   └── token-misc.ts
├── token aggregator
│   └── benchmark protocol
│       ├── config.ts
│       ├── constants_local.ts
│       └── route_builder.ts
└─ message aggregator
    └── benchmark protocol
        └── counter.sh

test
├── helper
│   └── provider.test.ts
├── token aggregator
│   └── benchmark protocol
│       └── route_builder.test.ts
└── message aggregator
    └── benchmark protocol
        └── counter.test.sh
```

## Setup
You can run
 ```shell
 yarn setup # to install the node packages, foundry packages, and create directories used
 ```

 Or manually:

 ```shell
 yarn # to install the node packages
 forge install # to install the foundry packages
 mkdir -p run-data/token-routes
 ```

## Running the project
The different testing modules of the project are implemented as scripts that can be ran via yarn or npm.

 ```shell
 yarn run test:all # runs tests for token and message aggregators
 ```

 ```shell
 yarn run test:helper # makes sure env variables are setup, networks are supported, transactions can be signed
 ```

 ```shell
 yarn run test:token-aggregators # generate the route.json files that contain the different trading routes and quotas
 ```
 ```shell
 yarn run test:message-aggregators # deploys contracts and issues transactions for interacting with the counter contracts
 ```

## Run Transactions

```shell
yarn run:hyperlane # creates a hyperlane transaction on the goerli network
```
### Clear Run Logs

```shell
yarn clear:dry-run # clears foundry run logs
```

## Troubleshooting
This project was successfully tested on the following with node version v18.17.1

| System         | Node     |
| -------------- | -------- |
| 6.4.12-arch1-1 | v18.17.1 |
| MacOS M1 v13.4 | v18.17.1 |


| Runtime / Package Manager | NPM | Yarn | Bun |
| ------------------------- | --- | ---- | --- |
| NPM                       | ☑   | ☑    | ☑   |
| Yarn                      | ☑   | ☑    | ☑   |
| Bun                       | ☒*  | ☒*   | ☒*  |
*-error with uniswap sdk
1. JSBI when runtime and package manager
2. Buffer/Stream when packages installed with npm or yarn and run with bun

Make sure you have permission to run the ``.sh`` scripts. You may run ``chmod -R 777 .`` .

Sometimes running

Known issues and fixes:

1. Something about fetch missing <br>
Solution: Use node v18.17.1 (there were some changes with the default packages included in node, version gte the one we used seems to work)
2. JSBI or Buffer/Stream <br>
Solution: use npm or yarn

## Contributors

| Name                | Github                            |
| ------------------- | --------------------------------- |
| Shankar Subramanian | https://github.com/shankars99     |
| Rafael Belchior     | https://github.com/RafaelAPB      |
| André Augusto       | https://github.com/AndreAugusto11 |
## Acknowledgments
This project is sponsored by Hyperledger and Blockdaemon.
